README.md, before:

# Zookeepr

This was a project created while following the lesson plan for Module 11 of the WashU Bootcamp.

The project mainly focused on using Express.js. The overall goal of the lesson plan was to configure an Express.js app to handle GET and POST requests, configure an Express.js app to serve static files, identify how client-side requests relate to server-side responses, parse optional and required parameters when creating server-side routes, implement client-side POST requests to submit form data to a server, implement separation of concerns for routing, and deploy a server-side application to the Heroku platform.

## About

The finished product will be used by a fictional zoo, on their personal side (not the public side for their guests), to store information on the zoo's animals and zookeepers. The user has the ability to add animals and zookeepers, and search for them by specific queries.

## Where to View

The lesson plan allowed us to learn how to use Insomnia to test our GET and POST requests, and Heroku to publish our final page.

The Heroku link can be viewed here.
https://bref-baguette-24874.herokuapp.com/

If you'd like to run it on your own machine, please clone this repository, run "npm install" to get then "npm start" in your command line. Then you can go to: http://localhost:3001 to view the page.

Commit message:

updated link as heroku free no longer works

README.md, after:

# Zookeepr

This was a project created while following the lesson plan for Module 11 of the WashU Bootcamp.

The project mainly focused on using Express.js. The overall goal of the lesson plan was to configure an Express.js app to handle GET and POST requests, configure an Express.js app to serve static files, identify how client-side requests relate to server-side responses, parse optional and required parameters when creating server-side routes, implement client-side POST requests to submit form data to a server, implement separation of concerns for routing, and deploy a server-side application to the Heroku platform.

**Update: Due to the removal of Heroku's free product plans, I have found another free hosting platform that was not taught in the bootcamp. The [Heroku link](https://bref-baguette-24874.herokuapp.com/) for this site no longer works. Please view this site with the new link below. Thanks!**

## About

The finished product will be used by a fictional zoo, on their personal side (not the public side for their guests), to store information on the zoo's animals and zookeepers. The user has the ability to add animals and zookeepers, and search for them by specific queries.

## Where to View

The lesson plan allowed us to learn how to use Insomnia to test our GET and POST requests, and Heroku to publish our final page. https://render.com/

The [Render](https://render.com/) link can be viewed here:
https://zookeepr-bmjs.onrender.com/

If you'd like to run it on your own machine, please clone this repository, run "npm install" to get then "npm start" in your command line. Then you can go to: http://localhost:3001 to view the page.
